More helpful README (#14830)
vercel/next.js: packages/next/README.md

  </a>
</p>

## The React Framework

Next.js is used by the world's leading companies and independent developers. 

* **Pre-Rendering** - Statically generated and server-rendered React applications have never been easier.
* **Static Exporting** - No need to learn a new framework. Exporting a static site with Next.js is as easy as a single command.
* **CSS-in-JS** - Next.js comes with `styled-jsx` included, but it also works with every CSS-in-JS solution you know and love.

> * **Built-in TypeScript support** - Next.js provides an integrated TypeScript experience out of the box, similar to an IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Built-in TypeScript Support** - Next.js provides an integrated TypeScript experience out of the box, similar to an IDE.
```

Author: Hi @Timer, @lfades suggested that this was redundant and the readme should directly link to https://nextjs.org/learn instead. Please let me know what you think, and if I should keep this on the Next.js readme.

* **Zero Configuration** - Automatic code splitting, filesystem based routing, hot code reloading and universal rendering. All included.
* **Fully Extensible** - Complete control over Babel and Webpack. Customizable server, routing and next-plugins.
* **Ready for Production** - Optimized for a smaller build size, faster dev compilation and dozens of other improvements.

> 

Reviewer 2: This is what the first page of our learning guide goes into, imo we should link to `/learn` asap instead of putting the same info here, feel free to also improve the learning page (https://nextjs.org/learn/basics/create-nextjs-app).

Author: I like the simple Next.js readme right now, but I feel like it would be useful to have this information on the repository as well. Happy to take this out if you think it's unnecessary.

Reviewer 2: I don't think it's necessary, this is a redundant version of the first page in /learn. Wdyt @timneutkens ?

Reviewer 2: @MehediH I still think we should remove this 👍

## Getting Started

Creating a new app with Next.js is easy with the `create-next-app` CLI. Create Next App allows you to create a Next.js app with a single command and set up everything for you, enabling you to get started within minutes.

```sh
npx create-next-app
# or
yarn create next-app
```

> For more details on getting started with Next.js, including how to manually create a new app, <a aria-label="Next.js getting started instructions" href="https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started#setup">follow the instructions here.</a> 

Reviewer 2: Not required, better to link to https://nextjs.org/learn/basics/create-nextjs-app for more detailed instructions.

Reviewer 2: @MehediH my feedback here is still unresolved

Author: Sorry I just committed the changes.

## Learning and Documentation

Learning the basics of Next.js is easy with our <a aria-label="next.js learn" href="https://nextjs.org/learn/basics/create-nextjs-app">step-by-step guide available here.</a> The interactive tutorial guides you through some of the fundamental concepts of Next.js. You can earn points as you go, and make a <a aria-label="Next.js Learn demo blog" href="https://next-learn-starter.now.sh/">very simple blog app</a> within a few hours. 

> Visit <a aria-label="next.js learn" href="https://nextjs.org/docs">https://nextjs.org/docs</a> to view the full documentation.

Reviewer 2: This should be kept as before, only link to the docs and use `## Documentation` for the title, the bit about `/learn` looks good to me and could be useful under `Getting Started` 👍

Reviewer 2: @MehediH my feedback here is still unresolved

## Who is using Next.js?

Next.js is used by the world's leading companies. You can check out the <a aria-label="Next.js Showcase" href="https://nextjs.org/showcase">full showcase here</a>, but here are just a few we love:

* <a aria-label="Twitch site built with Next.js" href="https://nextjs.org/showcase/twitch">Twitch</a>
* <a aria-label="Hulu site built with Next.js" href="https://nextjs.org/showcase/hulu">Hulu</a>
* <a aria-label="TikTok site built with Next.js" href="https://nextjs.org/showcase/tiktok">TikTok</a>
* <a aria-label="Nike site built with Next.js" href="https://nextjs.org/showcase/nike">Nike</a>

> * <a aria-label="Marvel site built with Next.js" href="https://nextjs.org/showcase/marvel">Marvel</a>

Reviewer 2: I like this but feel free to remove the links, linking to our Showcase in the Next.js site is good enough and it provides more visible information, more than just names and links.

Author: @lfades Sure! I am just a bit confused about the "remove the links" comment...would you like me to remove the list of the companies that use Next.js as well? Or shall I just remove the links and keep the list of companies using Next.js?

Reviewer 2: > would you like me to remove the list of the companies that use Next.js as well?

Yes, keep the current title and description, but the links aren't required.

## Documentation

> Visit <a aria-label="next.js learn" href="https://nextjs.org/docs">https://nextjs.org/docs</a> to view the full documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Visit [https://nextjs.org/docs](https://nextjs.org/docs) to view the full documentation.
```

## Who is using Next.js?

> Next.js is used by the world's leading companies. You can check out the <a aria-label="Next.js Showcase" href="https://nextjs.org/showcase">full showcase here</a>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next.js is used by the world's leading companies. Check out the [Next.js Showcase](https://nextjs.org/showcase) to learn more.
```

Reviewer 2: @MehediH a tip here: A link that's self descriptive is better than one that has "here", you won't need an aria label 👍 .
